Hello. My name is Noah Gift and I'm the founder of
Pragmatic AI Labs and I wrote the book Pragmatic AI,
an Introduction to cloud-based machine learning,
as well as the book Python for DevOps by O'Reilly.
I lecture at Northwestern,
UC Berkeley and UC Davis.
Today, I'm going to discuss operationalizing micro services.
Let's go ahead and get started.
So one of the first things that we want to pay attention to when we're operationalizing
a micro service is how to respond to alerts and how to actually respond to an incident.
One of the things that you can do is you can use Prometheus.
Prometheus is a monitoring system that we talked about in a previous lesson
and it's actually really closely coupled with the way Kubernetes works.
Another one is you can actually design your own custom alerts.
So you could use Python,
you can write some custom alerts that respond to certain events.
Maybe they look at HTTP status codes or they look at the latency of something.
Another one is you can use an off-the-shelf driver like Stackdriver.
So the Google Cloud has the ability to introspect things that are on
its platform by using the Stackdriver monitor or
you could also run it on the AWS platform as well.
Finally, there's companies like Weaveworks.
Weaveworks has many tools that allow you to
do monitoring around different container workflows.